Update use-kustomize-for-kubernetes-deployments.md (#1926)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/deploy-srv-diff-platforms/kustomize/kustomize-howtos/use-kustomize-for-kubernetes-deployments.md

If you want to use a different release of Kustomize, add it to a location on the Delegate, update the following Delegate files, and restart the Delegate.

> ## Configuring a Kustomize Service with Command Flags 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configuring a Kustomize service with command flags 
```

> Command Flags lets users change the behavior of how Harness will perform a Kustomize based deployment. With the `build` command you can pass in sub commands to change the behavior of the `kustomize build` command. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Command flags let users change the behavior of how Harness performs a Kustomize based deployment. Using the `build` command, you can pass sub-commands to change the behavior of the `kustomize build` command. 
```

> Example Commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's a sample command:
```

```TEXT
## To print the stack trace of the kustomize build command 
kustomize build --stack-trace 
```

> You can deploy [Helm Charts with Kustomize](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kustomize/blob/master/examples/chart.md#helm-related-flags), Harness supports this today with the proper configuration. Please see the example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Harness also supports [Helm Charts with Kustomize](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kustomize/blob/master/examples/chart.md#helm-related-flags) deployments. 

For example:
```

```Text
## Enable the Helm Template and Pull capabilities and render your kustomization with Helm. 
kustomize build --enable-helm --helm-command `<YOUR_HELM_COMMAND>`
```

> ### Limitation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Limitations
```

> Harness only supports the Kustomize `build` command. The Kustomize `build` command performs the following: `build a kustomization target from a directory or URL.` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Harness supports the Kustomize `build` command only. The Kustomize `build` command performs the following: `build a kustomization target from a directory or URL.` 
```

Reviewer: @thisrohangupta Is this a command, `build a kustomization target from a directory or URL.` ? Or did you mean, the Kustomize `build` command builds a Kustomization target from a directory or URL?

Author: the Kustomize build command builds a Kustomization target from a directory or URL - thats what i meant to say
